we want to take you now live to the
Israeli nesset the parliament where the
Prime Minister Benjamin net is speaking
let's listen
in
the conditions for our success is Unity
we should remain
united we should remain United at the
level of the national Unity government
and the people as well and I would like
to extend all thanks to the members of
the opposition
who Contin to make maximum effort at the
time before I thank all the families and
all volunteers I would like
also to thank each and every single
Citizen and I thank all the people of
Israel for coming together around one
goal demonstrating
bravery resolve
and fortitude we are all in this battle
one United Israel my fellow members of
the KET we have many
questions that was that were raised 10
days
ago we started to implement some of the
decisions handed down now we are focused
on one
goal to unite our
ranks and March forward that's why we
require resolve and fortitude simply for
the reason that this Triumph needs time
we must win we must Prevail we must
Triumph against the forces of
Darkness what they went what what they
wish to see is to annihilate the state
of Israel they wish to
bring the Middle East to the Dark Ages
to the age of
barbar the day of backwardness and
barbarianism
however as I said we should remain
United around this
goal
to maintain the state of Israel we have
witnessed many
atrocities within the towns and
villages in the Gaza envelope we also
witnessed the young men and women who
were slaughtered while
celebrating the whole world must realize
that is
a terrorist
organization just like
Isis and as we United together against
Isis we must come
together to crush
Hamas it is our war and if we are not
United on the front this danger will
reach to you I have also a message to
Iran and and hasah do not test our will
do not make the same mistake simply for
the reason that the price you will pay
this time will be much more higher the
US president said it to you in English
don't do it and I am telling you in
Hebrew Beware of the state of
Israel the state of Israel EX all thanks
and appreciation to the United States
President Biden the United Kingdom
France and other world States Who Rose
to our support members of kinet we are
carrying out all the
preparations for the war in the South
and
across the country we also will allow
the delivery Aid to reach gas
we must
act we are
united behind our
soldiers security
Personnel rescue
crews I met with them in
person they are brave Heroes is
epitomizing the spirit of bravery and
fortitude our soldiers are
ready and they will continue to be so
until we Crush our enemies totally and
completely yesterday I met with the
relatives of the
kidnapped
Israelis we sat for hours and I listened
to
them to all their stories
I
also listened to the audio recording
more than
one uh daughter was telling her mother
to save her life we are committed before
all those families to bring home our
brothers and sisters the
children who are
kidnapped by
Hamas you
cannot
imagine these feelings are
Indescribable I visited one of the towns
to the south of our
country
there I visited one of the
premises one of the homes had an
exit the militants climbed through and
killed those who were
hiding I can imagine the feelings of
horror these children have experienced
our hearts go out to the families of the
soldiers the families of the missing and
the
families of the
injured how painful it
is the pain
is profound and in contrast our bravery
and courage is more robust since the
establishment of our state many attempts
were made to wipe it
out we have paid a price not paid by any
people in the
world in addition many CS were cried out
for our Annihilation yet the difference
today is that we have a very robust
State Mighty Army and and United people
with fortitude and this is what we are
going to
achieve we entered this war and we will
Triumph we cannot stop until we achieve
emphatic
Triumph Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu addressing the winter session
of the Israeli nesset the parliament
which has just started uh Netanyahu was
speaking there after the Israeli
president Isaac kog he said the
conditions for Israel's success is Unity
he was talking about of course what he
says is Israel's success in its war in
Gaza he said we should remain United in
the National Unity government but also
we should remain United uh uh um across
uh all of Israel with the people of
Israel he also had a message to Iran
saying do not test our will the price
you will pay this time will be higher
and uh
that um the Israeli plans for Gaza will
continue Tam kmud from the Doha
Institute of Graduate Studies is here
with us on aler to discuss this and all
the other developments today in this
Gaza war that Israel started some 10
days ago what did you make of what we
heard from Netanyahu he insisted a lot
on the word Unity because this has
something this is something that's been
lacking in Israel in the last few months
but they've seemed to have come together
after these recent events the attacks on
um the attacks by Hamas on Israel
question though is how long will will
this Unity within Israel
last that's a very good question fly I
think it it all depends on
the on what's coming for Gaza on the on
the future and the conduct of the
military operation in the Gaza Strip
this is this is a prime minister who
tries to project leadership in a time of
Crisis stresses on Unity but of course
he inhered a very problematic
political Legacy a very differenz
Society in Israel polarized society and
of course that's the only message now he
can deliver as a prime minister to his
uh Parliament to the keset but also it's
an indication I think that Lincoln's
visit might not have achieved any
concrete results on bringing ceasefire
the fact that he's yes he's firm and
he's threatening left and right again
and he's saying we have the US support
we have France's support the UK support
and he's he's still threatening so this
is a very defined prime minister and and
the tone is is a war tone he's he's a he
wants War so he's he's not I I I I don't
see any shift or change in his discourse
or even any softening of of of the war
language and the war tone and that's
that's worrying yeah but how I mean I
and I see what what you're saying and I
hear what you're saying but it's also
difficult to see how he can back away
from all that the language he had a week
ago when the Hamas Hamas attack happened
he has to deliver something to the
Israeli people in in his view I
imagine unfortunately I think yes is I
mean military wise
Israel I mean has all the intentions to
go inside the G now you'll have
different scenarios uh it all depends on
the scale the scale of this operation uh
if they go one kilo or five kilos or 10
kilos or re occup reoccupy the entire
strip I I I really I don't know what's
the scale of the operation but but he's
he he's always a master tactic he's a
he's he's a master politician he can
always play with the language now he
promised there will be a land in cursion
land Invasion to the Gaza Strip yes they
might go inside but not achieve any of
the big goals but he can but what are
the goals we don't even know what the
goals are they've talked about
eliminating Hamas completely which a lot
of people have said is not achievable
what are are the goals in Israeli
Israeli eyes Israel's government eyes
what would constitute and I hate to use
this term what would constitute a
mission accomplished for
Israel okay let's imagine this scenario
and that's for me a worst case scenario
Israel invades the entire Gaza Strip
destroys demolishes everything and then
the moment it withdraws a Hamas fighter
comes from one of the tunnels on the
ground carrying a Palestinian flag with
a clashing C would this be a victory to
Israel so I don't know that's one
scenario if they insist on achieving the
declared goals they have so far insisted
on for me that means one scenario it's
the Israeli Army reoccupying the entire
step and staying there for some long
time and this is it's it's something I
don't want to think even about its
consequences it's going to be a a
nightmare for Palestinians indeed thank
you very much t for the moment Tam Kam
from The doai Institute of Graduate
Studies